# YouTube-usage-analysis

### Motivation
  In modern day, social media became indispensable part of life. Everyday we see lots of images and videos in the internet and they differ in terms of which platform we use. For me, Youtube is the most important social media platform among the others. The reason I am saying is that you can encounter with a person does not use Instagram, Twitter , Reddit or any other social media platform but I guarantee that you will not encounter a person who does not use Youtube. To make it more clear, probability of encountering a person who does not use Youtube will be lower than not using Instagram, Twitter ... Although this is my opinion, there is some reality in this assumption. According to globalmediainsight.com , YouTube has more than 2.70 billion monthly active users as of November 2024. Also it is stated that only platform which has more active users than Youtube is Facebook. By looking at these facts and real life experiences, I think that we can not abondon Youtube. When we want to study, we open youtube and look for that topic. When we want to have fun, we open youtube to watch videos. I looked that situation and started to question how do I use Youtube. Do I watch videos more or listed music more?. What topics do I watch mostly ?. What is my active watching youtube hours in a day? Am I watching more in the mornings or at the evenings? These questions came to my mind and I wanted to analyze my Youtube Data and seek answers to my questions. 
